{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 I confirm that I will keep the content of this assignment confidential. I confirm that I have not received any unauthorized assistance in preparing for or writing this assignment. I acknowledge that a mark of 0 may be assigned for copied work. William Briguglio\
\
-This program prompts user to enter a source and destination file for copying.  \
-It then opens the two files using system call open() and, assuming there are no errors, enters a while loop. \
	-if source doesnt exist or destination already exists then error message is displayed 	and program aborts\
-It then uses system call read() to read from the source file into a string buffer called buffer. It the checks how many bytes were read, if 0 were read then the program must have hit EOF and it breaks from the loop. \
-Else it uses system call write() to write to the destination file then reverts back to the beginning of the loop. \
-After the programs breaks from loop it displays the message "Write from [source] to [destination] has been completed" and terminates, returning 0.\
\
-If the source file doesnt exist, the program will output "FILE DOESNT EXIST" and abort\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
-If the destination file already exists, the program will output "FILE ALREADY EXISTS" and abort\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
-If the program runs without error the message "Write from [source] to [destination] has been completed" and program terminates, returning 1.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}